you
mysteries of vernacular tuxedo men XIV
nning wear for semi formal occasions
tuxedo surprisingly has its roots in
Native American history the Delaware
Indians of what is now the Northeast
United States were divided into three
subgroups distinguished by their animal
totems the turkey the turtle and the
wolf members of the tribe belonging to
the wolf totem were often referred to by
the indigenous word for the four footed
canine tooks it in the 18th century
Europeans who settled in the former
region of the tux it anglicized the name
as tuxedo and slapped it on a town in
Southeast New York decades later in the
late 1800s a lavish resort was
constructed and christened the tuxedo
club it was at the tuxedo Club around
the turn of the century when a dress
jacket was required for almost every
occasion that a brash young man heir to
an enormous tobacco fortune caused a
stir by flaunting tradition and donning
a formal dinner jacket without tails his
bold fashion statement was quickly
popularized and nicknamed tuxedo which
in modern America is the headache of
high school prom attendees across the
nation
you